Acute renal failure most likely was secondary to the nephrotoxic effect of captopril on chronically hypoperfused kidneys.
We report the first biopsy confirmed occurrence of acute interstitial nephritis in a patient receiving treatment with Sunitinib for metastatic renal cell cancer.
Nephrotic syndrome related to systemic lupus erythematosus after griseofulvin therapy.
Two cases of polymorphic ventricular tachycardia induced by the administration of verapamil against paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia.
Nabumetone-associated interstitial nephritis.
Amphotericin B-induced cutaneous leucocytoclastic vasculitis: case report.
Reversible methotrexate-associated lymphoproliferative disorder resembling advanced gastric cancer in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Response of a promethazine-induced coma to flumazenil.
Thymic enlargement in a patient with juvenile idiopathic arthritis during etanercept therapy.
We report a case of recurrent torsades de pointes following treatment with pentavalent antimonial drugs and amiodarone.
Ampicillin increased the preexisting electrical decrement in three rabbits with experimental autoimmune myasthenia gravis while the drug had no deleterious effects in less affected or normal animals.
We report three cases of severe hypocalcaemia associated with i.v. bisphosphonate treatment in patients with multiple myeloma.
Torsades de Pointes induced by a combination of garenoxacin and disopyramide and other cytochrome P450, family 3, subfamily A polypeptide-4-influencing drugs during hypokalemia due to licorice.
We reported a case of disulfiram-induced hepatitis with unique clinical features and compared our case with others in the literature.
Can roxithromycin and betamethasone induce acute pancreatitis? A case report.
Delayed bowel injury is an infrequently observed complication of chromic phosphate administration.
She was diagnosed with Epstein-Barr virus-associated polymorphic lymphoproliferative disorder (LPD) due to immunodeficiency caused by MTX administration.
Liver disease induced by perhexiline maleate.
