However, in order to avoid neuropathic side effects, patients under thalidomide therapy should be monitored every 6 months with nerve conduction studies while taking the drug.
Fatal agranulocytosis in an Indian male receiving 100mg of dapsone daily, hospitalized for mid-borderline leprosy in type I reaction with triple nerve paralysis is reported.
Scleroderma in association with the use of bleomycin: a report of 3 cases.
Seizure with hyponatremia in a child prescribed desmopressin for nocturnal enuresis.
CASE REPORT: We report the case of a 58 year old patient who, after 2 days of treatment with roxithromycin and betamethasone, manifested acute pancreatitis.
The case history and toxicological findings of an infant fatality involving pseudoephedrine, brompheniramine, and dextromethorphan are presented.
Angioedema and dysphagia caused by contact allergy to inhaled budesonide.
Sweet's syndrome is an acute febrile neutrophilic dermatosis that is a known complication of the administration of filgrastim, a drug that causes increased neutrophil proliferation and differentiation.
Celiac disease onset after pegylated interferon and ribavirin treatment of chronic hepatitis C.
We report a case of interstitial pneumonitis induced by bicalutamide and/or leuprorelin acetate given as therapy for prostate cancer, in which the pneumonitis was successfully managed by steroid treatment.
After the second infliximab infusion, he was found to have a severe transient neutropenia (0.5 x 10(9)/L).
Acute myocardial ischemia following accidental intravenous administration of epinephrine in high concentration.
We report here two cases of dyserythropoietic anaemia associated with long-term linezolid use that share striking similarities to chloramphenicol-associated myelotoxicity.
Atrial fibrillation after vardenafil therapy.
Acute respiratory distress syndrome after rituximab infusion.
Nonconvulsive status epilepticus due to ifosfamide.
METHOD: We describe two patients who presented with diabetic ketoacidosis after treatment with quetiapine and risperidone, respectively.
A 27-year-old man who had a history of bronchial asthma, eosinophilic enteritis, and eosinophilic pneumonia presented with fever, skin eruptions, cervical lymphadenopathy, hepatosplenomegaly, atypical lymphocytosis, and eosinophilia two weeks after receiving trimethoprim (TMP)-sulfamethoxazole (SMX) treatment.