A 7-year-old with congenital toxoplasmosis who took pyrimethamine and sulfadiazine for reactivated chorioretinitis developed fever, severe cutaneous involvement, swelling, abdominal pain and transaminitis, persisting weeks after withholding medicines.
Fatal lung fibrosis caused by paclitaxel toxicity has not been reported In this report, we describe the case of a 62-year-old woman who received six cycles of paclitaxel and carboplatin as combination chemotherapy for advanced ovarian cancer.
Except hypothyroidism after radioiodine treatment (euthyroid under substitutional therapy), she suffered from no other diseases.
Five days after the fourth dose of vincristine, she presented with bilateral ptosis.
It may cause a severe adverse drug reaction with multiorgan involvement known as dapsone hypersensitivity syndrome.
We highlight two instances of systemic allergic reaction, and discuss the potential side effects of local aprotinin injections in the orthopaedic setting as well as the evidence base for its use.
METHOD: Case analysis of a poly-drug overdose (venlafaxine, topiramate, divalproex sodium, risperidone, and carbamazepine) presenting with mixed SS/NMS features and whose clinical management suggests a practical algorithm for treatment of undifferentiated SS/NMS in critical care settings.
This report describes a case of acute compromise of renal function associated with hypotension in a 7-year-old boy treated with the ACE inhibitor lisinopril and the ARB losartan.
Hemolytic uremic syndrome following the infusion of oxaliplatin: case report.
Second, we report a case of neutropenia, which proved to be fatal in a schizophrenia patient receiving olanzapine and thiazide.
Recurrent hyponatremia associated with citalopram and mirtazapine.
This is a case report of fatal cryptococcal meningitis in a child with systemic lupus erythematosus being treated with prednisolone and azathioprine.
he patient presented with fulminant microangiopathic hemolytic anemia and thrombocytopenia within 48 hr of initiating therapy with trimethoprim-sulfamethoxazole.
e present a case report of a patient who developed a prolonged QT while being treated with oral methadone for a chronic pain syndrome.
Inhaled tobramycin solution-associated recurrent eosinophilia and severe persistent bronchospasm in a patient with cystic fibrosis: a case report.
A complex pattern of melanonychia and onycholysis after treatment with pemetrexed for lung cancer.