In patients with swallowing dysfunction and pneumonia, a history of mineral oil use should be obtained and a diagnosis of ELP should be considered in the differential diagnoses if mineral oil use has occurred.
Lipoid pneumonia: a silent complication of mineral oil aspiration.
Mineral oil, a hydrocarbon, may not elicit a normal protective cough reflex and may impair mucociliary transport.
Our case points to the need for increased awareness by the general pediatricians of the potential hazards of mineral oil use for chronic constipation.
Treatment of ELP in children is generally supportive, with the symptoms and roentgenographic abnormalities resolving within months after stopping the use of mineral oil.
We report a case of a child with neurodevelopmental delay with chronic constipation and a history of chronic mineral oil ingestion presenting as asymptomatic exogenous lipoid pneumonia (ELP).
An unusual cause of burn injury: unsupervised use of drugs that contain psoralens.
Because psoralens sensitize skin to ultraviolet A light, phototoxic reactions are the most frequent adverse effect of this treatment.
In this article, we present the case of a vitiligo patient who was admitted to our facility with an intense burn after the topical use of 8-methoxypsoralen solution as a suntanning agent.
Sunburn may sometimes be a major injury in psoralen users because high doses or inappropriate use of the drug may render the skin extremely sensitive.
CONCLUSIONS: Metoclopramide may cause reversible nonthrombocytopenic vascular-type palpable purpura.
OBJECTIVE: To report a case of reversible nonthrombocytopenic palpable purpura associated with metoclopramide.
Reversible nonthrombocytopenic palpable purpura associated with metoclopramide.
Lithium treatment was terminated in 1975 because of lithium intoxication with a diabetes insipidus-like syndrome.
Eosinophilia caused by clozapine was observed in challenge, preceded by a faster neutrophil production and consecutive decrease (z = 2.27, p = 0.01).
Eosinophilia has been encountered from 0.2 to 61.7% in clozapine-treated patients, mostly with a transient course and spontaneous remission.
Successful challenge with clozapine in a history of eosinophilia.