Disseminated muscular cysticercosis with myositis induced by praziquantel therapy.
Methotrexate-induced hepatic necrosis requiring liver transplantation in a patient with rheumatoid arthritis.
Eosinophilia has been encountered from 0.2 to 61.7% in clozapine-treated patients, mostly with a transient course and spontaneous remission.
The development of cutaneous ecchymosis associated with a sudden fall in hemoglobin after the administration of alteplase should strongly suggest the possibility of diffuse subfascial hematoma.
Eosinophilia caused by clozapine was observed in challenge, preceded by a faster neutrophil production and consecutive decrease (z = 2.27, p = 0.01).
With the first cyclosporine dose, the patient complained of leg pain that was most severe during the cyclosporine infusion.
We recommend that a TMA in association with quinine be consistently referred to as quinine-associated thrombotic microangiopathy (quinine-TMA) to better distinguish this entity from idiopathic TTP.
Anaphylactic reaction to bacitracinointment.
However, acute cardiomyopathy and pericarditis secondary to methylphenidate use has been rarely reported.
We describe a 15-year-old female patient diagnosed with acute lymphoblastic leukemia presenting with status epilepticus after receiving intrathecal methotrexate.
Hypoglycemia induced by long-acting somatostatin analogues in a patient with nonfunctional neuroendocrine tumor.
Acute renal failure following intravenous immunoglobulin therapy in a HIV-infected patient.
The authors describe a case of interstitial granulomatous dermatitis associated with darifenacin.
To our knowledge, these cases represent the first reports of TDF-associated irreversible renal failure and rickets in pediatric patients.
We report the case of a 51-year-old man in whom IFN-alpha treatment was followed by recurrence of Graves' disease 10 years after thyroidectomy was performed and the patient was declared cured.
IFNalpha-induced recurrence of Graves' disease ten years after thyroidectomy in chronic viral hepatitis C.
Early recognition of renal toxicity of high-dose methotrexate therapy: a case report.
CONCLUSION: A woman receiving enoxaparin every 12 hours developed signs and symptoms of hepatotoxicity after the second dose.
Cyclosporine-induced pain syndrome in a child undergoing hematopoietic stem cell transplant.
Probable enoxaparin-induced hepatotoxicity.