Anaphylactic reaction to recombinant insulin-like growth factor-I.
The site of thrombosis and the chronological relationship with the IIR implicates a hypersensitivity to infliximab in the causation of the venous thrombosis in this case.
Chromosome abnormalities after chlorambucil therapy of polycythaemia vera.
The first patient is undergoing hemodialysis and, though responding to sunitinib, is having significant fatigue and hypertension.
Anti-tuberculous drugs had been stopped on the 2nd day of therapy due to development of optic neuritis secondary to ethambutol administration at another hospital.
Quinine induced coagulopathy--a near fatal experience.
We present a unique case of GTBM in a patient with myeloma following treatment with Melphalan.
A patient presented with dilated cardiomyopathy after many years of overusing an adrenaline inhaler.
Both the longitudinal melanonychia and the multiple skin cancers first appeared after approximately 6 months of hydroxyurea treatment.
A fatal pancytopenia occurred in a patient with an history of depression with hypomanic rebounds, admitted for a manic episode and treated with levomepromazine, diazepam and lithium carbonate.
Rifampicin-induced adrenal insufficiency in the acquired immunodeficiency syndrome: difficulties in diagnosis and treatment.
Neutrophilic dermatoses in two children with idiopathic neutropenia: association with granulocyte colony-stimulating factor (G-CSF) therapy.
CONCLUSION: During and after IFN therapy, OCT is a useful examination technique for revealing macular edema in patients who have decreased vision.
Exacerbation of anthracycline-induced early chronic cardiomyopathy with ATRA: role of B-type natriuretic peptide as an indicator of cardiac dysfunction.
Acute valproate ingestion induces symptomatic methemoglobinemia.
Restless legs syndrome may thus be an adverse effect of IFN alpha treatment.
Regardless of a negative history of asthma, therefore, life-threatening bronchospasm must be considered a possible complication of propranolol therapy.
Transient hemiparesis caused by phenytoin toxicity.
